Solaris10-ditroff
=================

This is the ditroff version of OpenSolaris revision 0 (which should be identical to the latest closed source revision of Solaris 10).
It is part of the code base from which the Heirloom doctools had been created.

Only parts from OpenSolaris rev. 0 are included in this repository.
So there is no `pic`, `grap`, `mpictures` or `mcolor`.
The missing preprocessors and macro packages can be taken from DWB.
Components from Heirloom doctools or Plan9 may also work.
It is likely that groff components are not compatible with this ditroff version since they use advanced language features (e.g. long identifier names).

There are also no man pages at the moment.
They seem not to be included in the Solaris source tree.
Anyway most (all?) of them are xml, so nroff versions from other sources will be added to this repository.

The repository can be downloaded with the "Download ZIP" button or with the git command
```bash
git clone https://github.com/n-t-roff/Solaris10-ditroff
```
The default installation root directory is `/usr/local/sunroff`.
To change the installation paths the file `Makefile` must edited.

The source code is compiled with `make` and installed with `make install`.
Files generated by the build process are removed with `make clean`.
The content of the `BINDIR` makefile variable (default `/usr/local/sunroff/bin`) must be added to the `PATH` shell variable.

A local git repository is kept up-to-date with `git pull`.

If there are any problems please report an issue to the [issue list](https://github.com/n-t-roff/Solaris10-ditroff/issues) or send a mail to [troff at arcor dot de](mailto:troff@arcor.de).
